Backport jetpack 15.0-a.7 Changes (#44940)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/forms/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [5.5.0] - 2025-08-25
### Added

> - Add phone input to handle country selector for field-telephone. [#44635]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add optional country selector to Phone field. [#44635]
```

- Add phone number validation on international phone number input. [#44854]
- Add slider min/max labels. [#44834]

> - Preserve html ids when processing feedback. [#44760]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preserve HTML IDs when processing feedback. [#44760]
```

- Remove MailPoet integration feature flag. [#44831]
- Show trash action alongside view action in list. [#44882]

### Changed
- Adjust slider field controls. [#44875]
- Allow new fields in step container. [#44864]
- Create form when inserting standalone slider field. [#44840]
- Create new field below when pressing enter on Slider or Rating fields. [#44781]

> - Integrations - opt-in toggle controls into 'next no margin'. [#44817]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrations: Adjust UI for opt-in toggle controls. [#44817]
```

- Let MailPoet handle old/new form data. [#44930]

> - Remove stray font loaded for rating field. [#44815]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove call to unused font. [#44815]
```

> - Rename 'Stars Rating' to 'Stars rating field' [#44880]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename 'Stars Rating' to 'Stars rating field'. [#44880]
```

- Reorganise shared lists of allowed inner blocks - core blocks. [#44879]
- Update MailPoet to use Feedback class. [#44852]
- Update slider default and step controls. [#44803]
- Use the new Feedback class to save the feedback entries in a new format. [#44821]

> - Form step navigation button: don't allow inner text to wrap. [#44926]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Form step navigation button: Prevent wrapping of inner text. [#44926]
```

> - Updated specificity and css on the site editor to match the frontend for forms. [#44802]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update specificity and CSS on the site editor to match the frontend for forms. [#44802]
```

- Update package dependencies. [#44899]

### Fixed

> - Fix a case where fatal error might occur after form submission [#44908]
> - Forms: Fix MailPoet markup console error. [#44916]
> - Forms: Fix null handling in wp_style_engine_get_styles to prevent PHP warnings [#44827]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a case where fatal error might occur after form submission. [#44908]
- Fix MailPoet markup console error. [#44916]
- Fix null handling in `wp_style_engine_get_styles` to prevent PHP warnings. [#44827]
```

> - Forms: fix radio button validation [#44836]
> - Forms: fix ratings field in small screens [#44884]
> - Forms: Fix undefined array key "blockName" warning in contact form pre-render hook [#44833]
> - Forms: slider, replace for with htmlFor to fix JS warning [#44837]
> - Forms Phone Field: fix some styling inconsistencies [#44850]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix radio button validation. [#44836]
- Fix ratings field in small screens. [#44884]
- Fix undefined array key "blockName" warning in contact form pre-render hook. [#44833]
- Slider: Prevent JavaScript warning. [#44837]
- Phone field: Fix styling inconsistencies. [#44850]
```
